Tired of working on myself. I will now be unapologetically insane.
The older I get, the more I understand why the Grinch wanted to live alone with his dog.
Don't wait till your deathbed to tell people how you feel.\nTell them to fuck off now.
Let's snuggle up and watch movies together. Some nasty shit with decapitated bastards everywhere!
Everything I want to do is illegal.
My sexual fantasy? Someone throwing a million dollars on my naked body, then leaving me the fuck alone.
The difference between coffee and your opinion is that I asked for coffee.
Life has never given me lemons. It has given me anger issues, anxiety, a love for alcohol, and a serious dislike for stupid people.
That which does does kill me only makes me weirder and harder to relate to.
Yes I run.\nOut of patience, fucks and money.
Time marches on and eventually you realize it's marching across your face.\n-Truvy Jones
Eagles may soar but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
If the master plan is perfection\nMaybe next I'll give Judas a try\n-Tori Amos
Choke on a sandpaper dick.
In order to insult me, I must first value your opinion...\nNice try though.
Well aren't you just a fun filled little lollipop triple dipped in psycho.
I was wondering how you comb your hair so the horns don't show.
If I wanted to kill myself I would climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
I don't suffer fools gladly, but I gladly make fools suffer.
Nothing brings a group of assholes together faster than something that's none of their fucking business.
Your flexibility amazes me. How do you get your foot in your mouth and your head up your ass all at the same time?
Oh, you hate me? Join the club!\nThey have a weekly meeting at the corner of fuck you, and kiss my ass.
No, I checked my receipt.  I didn't buy any of your bullshit.
I run on coffee, sarcasm, and inappropriate humor.
I love sarcasm. It's like punching people in the face, but with words.
I've met some pricks in my time but you sir, are a fucking cactus.
Oops, my bad. I could've sworn I was dealing with an adult.
From the bottom of my heart, I don't give a fuck.
Don't like me?\nHave a seat with the rest of the bitches waiting for me to give a fuck.
Sarcasm, because beating the shit out of people is illegal.
I can make your death look like an accident.
If someone hates you for no reason, give that fucker a reason!
Everyone is fighting their own battles. Try not to be a cunt.
You flipped the bitch switch, so buckle up and enjoy the ride, asshole!
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
I don't understand your specific kind of crazy, but I do admire your total commitment to it.
I don't know where all this crap about me being a "difficult person" comes from. I am a constant fucking delight!
That's what guilt feels like?  Let me drown it with other emotions like chocolate or drunk!
To me 'drink responsibly' means don't spill it.
It's called Karma, and it's pronounced 'Haha fuck you.'
It could be that your purpose in life is to serve as a warning to others.\n-Ashleigh Brilliant
Sometimes I need what only you can provide: your absence.\n-Ashleigh Brilliant
I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.\n-Oscar Wilde
Even a stopped clock is right twice every day. After some years, it can boast of a long series of successes.\n-Marie Von Ebner-Eschenbach
It’s ok to disagree with me. I can’t force you to be right.
When people tell me “You are gonna regret that in the morning”, I sleep in until noon because I’m a problem solver.
I like to tell people I have the heart of a small boy. Then I say it’s in a jar on my desk.\n-Stephen King
If at first you don’t succeed, skydiving is not for you.\n-Arthur McAuliff
Forget the Bible, the greatest argument against human evolution is a YouTube comment thread.\n-Damien Fahey
I am free of all prejudices. I hate everyone equally.\n-W.C. Fields
You don't need a parachute to go skydiving. You need a parachute to go skydiving twice.
Nothing stands for content-free corporate bullshit quite like PowerPoint.\n-Charles Stross
Yes I have a masters in English, now do you want fries with that or not?
My kid sacrificed your honor student at Miskatonic Junior High.
My mother didn't raise a fool. A psychotic, cold-hearted bitch...\nBut not a fool.
Just looking for someone whose demons play nice with my demons.\nIs that so much to ask?
Oh, look who's here, I thought I heard amber alerts!
Money may not buy happiness, but I'd rather cry in a mansion.
Life's a bitch, and she's back in heat!
When is rocking "rocking"\nand when is it "shaking"?\n-Tim Minchin
For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism.
May the bridges you burn light your way to the future.
Kindly consume excrement and expire.
If you stay up for three days on paint thinner and Molly dust, then dream/reality confusion is inevitable.
I wasn't sure what to make for dinner, so I opened a bottle of wine and now I don't care. A lesson for us all here I think.
I meant to behave, but there were too many other options.
Better late than ugly.
The last thing I remember saying was "One more couldn't hurt!"
Alcohol won't slow down the aging process, but then again, neither will water.
Be the reason someone smiles today...\nOr the reason someone drinks.\nWhatever works.
Just keep talking, I yawn when I’m interested.
I don’t have the energy to pretend to like you today.
Sometimes I wish I were a nicer person, but then I laugh and continue my day.
I’m sorry I hurt your feelings when I called you stupid. I really thought you already knew.
Would it be rude to throw Xanax in your mouth while you're talking?
No, you don’t have to repeat yourself. I was ignoring you the first time.
The stuff you heard about me is a lie. I’m way worse.
I’d agree with you,\nbut then we’d both be wrong.
If you’re waiting for me to give a shit, pack a lunch, it’s going to be while.
Never mistake my silence for weakness. Nobody plans a murder out loud.
Despite the look on my face, you're still talking.
Hey, I put the 'fun' in functional alcoholic!
Even god thinks you're a cunt.
I age greatly every time you speak.
I know everything happens for a reason, but what the fuck?
Don't be part of the problem.\nBe the whole goddamn problem!
Contrary to popular belief, the fastest way to a man's heart is not through his stomach, but a jagged hole in the ribcage.
This shit's gonna have nuts in it!\n-Deadpool
Your secrets are safe with my indifference.\n-Percy de Rolo III
Listening to your voice makes me want to start cutting myself again.
Are you a history textbook in Florida?  'Cause you just got burned!
If I died and went straight to hell, it would take me a week to realize I wasn't at work.
Some people say I have a bad attitude.  I say fuck 'em!
It just wouldn't be Christmas without a trip to the drunk-tank.
You had me at "daddy issues!"
Sing along kids! A, B, C, D, E, F, U!
Science!  'Cause you're not praying those rockets into space!
Make a man a fire and he stays warm for a night. Set a man on fire and he's warm for the rest of his life.
Well, we may not have parted on the best of terms. I realize certain words were exchanged. Also, certain bullets.\n-Malcolm Reynolds
Someone ever tries to kill you, you try to kill 'em right back!\n-Malcolm Reynolds
DON'T FUCK ME, GIL!\n-Critical Role
The liver is EVIL and must be PUNISHED!
A kid finishes a bottle, goes to sleep and people say "Awe, cute!"\nI finish a bottle, fall asleep, and they're all "You have a drinking problem!"
Good management is a bit like oxygen—it's invisible and you don't notice its presence until it's gone, and then you're sorry.\n-Charles Stross
Sometimes I just have to tell myself it's not worth the jail time.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.\nFred Allen
Feeling a tad stabby today...
Some babies were dropped on their heads.  You were clearly thrown at a wall.
You know the very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common.  They don't alter their views to fit the facts.  They alter the facts to fit the views.  Which can be uncomfortable if you happen to be one of the facts that needs altering.\n-The Doctor
